(Episode 12)
Why did Ms. Choi send me a text?
"You must have come there because you somewhat knew what is going on."
What is this?
(Gangdong Precinct)
Dong Bae. Shoot.
So that's why she gave me the cold shoulder.
(Robbery and Injury, Kim Joon Woo)
What are you doing over there?
Were you talking to me just now?
Why did you put gum on the face of the wanted criminal?
Do you not know that's a violation of the law too?
What's going on with the training of officers at this precinct?
They seem inadequate in respecting their seniors.
You're all working hard.
I can't remember the last time I smelled sweat.
For decades, I only smelled perfume, but smelling sweat...
energizes me. Don't you agree?
What brings you here?
My car brought me here.
Who's in charge of the murder case from Paju?
He's not here at the moment.
It's all right.
My gosh. Seriously.
Mister. You cannot read the case file.
"Mister"?
My gosh.
It's all right. You can consider me as one of you.
Go back to work.
(DNA Test Result)
What are you doing?
Have all of you gone blind?
How can you just sit there and watch? How can you?
Why is an outsider reading a police report without permission?
Your eyes are gleaming.
You used to whine and cry when you were working for me.
You grew up all right.
This isn't even your district. Why are you here?
You should stick to your turf.
Mr. Ahn?
Long time no see.
My gosh, how long has it been?
Look at you.
I heard that you were promoted. You look quite dashing now.
What brings you here?
I came here for a visit.
I can't show you my gratitude due to the anti-bribery and graft act.
My officers aren't comfortable with you around.
Let's go to the lounge.
Sure.
Hey, Rookie.
See you around.
Let's get going.
If you don't want to live like him,
let's stay focused.
Get back to work.
(Detective Notebook)
Where can I find that jerk, Dong Bae?
- My gosh, be careful. - Okay.
This way.
All right. Please get in.
Thank you.
This is a small gift.
You're very beautiful.
Please be careful. Let me get the door for you.
Please come back.
That mutt.
Did you see him wagging his tail?
I really talked a lot to flatter that customer.
He used to flatter me just like that.
So...
what do you want to do?
Isn't it obvious?
I want to run him over with a car.
Hak Bum, when you talk,
you should use your brain to filter what you say. Got that?
What?
He's blackmailing us.
Should I leave him alone then?
Say that you do run him over,
what about the dash cam video that shows that we moved the body?
You think he just left it alone?
So what then?
Should we pay him off?
We can't do that either.
How should I know if he made extra copies?
Are you serious?
Then what do you want to do?
First off,
check on Joon Hee.
(Daemyung Hospital)
Hey.
Don't you know who I am?
The director ordered to stop anyone from visiting except his doctors.
What?
How dare you shoot your mouth off?
What? Have you gone mad?
Hey.
What did you say? Who ordered what?
Say that again. Who did you say?
You just ran your mouth. Why are you keeping quiet now?
Have you lost your marbles?
You're not going to move?
Hey!
I just memorized...
your faces.
Lead the life...
of the lowlife, jerks.
Darn you.
You good-for-nothing morons. Seriously.
I couldn't meet Joon Hee.
Nobody is allowed to meet him except his assigned doctor.
How is Mr. Seo Joon Hee?
They didn't tell me about that either.
The date for our first trial has been set. We're in trouble then.
The only card we can play to overturn the trial is Seo Joon Hee.
Yes, I know.
Okay. First off, try to persuade Mr. Seo Chan Jong, the director.
We must win him over to our side by any means necessary.
Okay. I will try.
- Okay. - Are you ready to order?
A cup of mocha coffee, please.
That will be four dollars.
"Kim Jung Soo".
(Kim Jung Soo, Daemyung Hospital)
Is Mr. Oh in his office?
Who are you?
You don't need to know how I am.
If he's in,
tell him that Kim Byung Gi...
is waiting for him downstairs.
You should give him a call.
I'm cold. Come on, hurry up.
Shot.
You never miss your target.
Shouldn't you be a professional if you're this good?
I couldn't do that because I found out I'm needed in many areas.
Of course. I can't imagine how busy you must be.
Well, as you have requested,
I didn't accept other customers.
But one customer...
will be coming soon.
That's all right.
Why don't you go boar hunting some other time?
Isn't that illegal?
No, the parameter of the hunting area is set.
Hunting within the area is legal.
- Really? - I heard that...
wild boars cause farms a lot of harm too.
Why don't you join me when you're free?
Shooting an animal is different from shooting clay targets.
I'm not sure if that's a good reason to hunt the wild boars.
All life is equally valuable.
I'll pass.
You're a much greater person than we are.
- Let me take this. - I'll let you go then.
Hey.
Who?
Tell him to wait. Why are you calling?
I didn't know we had common interests.
Mr. Oh?
You're pretty good.
My skills improved once I had a goal.
I wanted to take some time.
Go ahead.
Come in.
Hey. Mr. Oh!
This is awesome.
My gosh.
Do you want this?
It's okay. You may go.
You punk.
I waited a long time.
My blood sugar level dropped, so I grabbed a lollipop.
What is it?
You heard. Don't act dumb.
You aren't acting like you want money, so I was confused.
Will you give me the money?
If you want that money, you shouldn't be rude like today.
Then... I'll wait.
I'll wait, Mr. Oh Tae Suk.
Go right ahead,
you useless punk.
Ma'am! Are you home?
Who is it?
Hi! It's me again. Dong Bae's friend from work!
I was in the area and wanted to see you!
Would you let me in?
What?
Let's talk somewhere away from my mom.
Are you even worried about her?
- Give me your hand. - Why?
How can I trust you?
Must we do this?
Don't be upset. You brought this upon yourself.
You know,
I had no idea you could fly those past years we were together.
You jumped over the wall like that.
And you jumped down from the third floor.
If I've known about that, I would've made you more helpful.
What will you do with me now?
Let's go somewhere and have a nice talk, okay?
Seriously.
See? People are staring.
Who cares if they stare?
Talk. If you don't,
I'll shoot a porn video right here like this, okay?
I'll talk. I was going to tell you anyway.
But please uncuff me first.
[VIU Ver] E12 Return "We'll Pay Him"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Tell me.
I received some money.
- I know. - You do?
Who in this field is loyal?
Did you think you could keep that secret forever?
So? Is that how you bought that car you gave me?
- I'm not that big a scuzzball. - You brat.
Fine. Leave out what I already know.
What else is there?
I was threatened.
About what?
He said I'd lose my badge.
My badge is my mom's only hope.
You saw her.
She can't see or walk well.
If I say I'll buy her a wheelchair so that she can get out a little,
she says she'll disgrace her cop son, and refuses.
That's how she is.
She lives in that tiny room like it's her prison cell...
because of me.
How could I tell her that I'm a dirty cop...
that takes bribes from bad people?
So why did you do it?
You're your mom's only hope. Why?
I don't know. I must've lost my mind.
So who threatened you?
I don't know.
I received a photo of me taking money from them.
I tried to ignore it at first.
I wasn't the only one taking bribes.
Who would dare judge me?
What's this?
This was delivered by a messenger. But I have no idea what this is.
However,
they sent my mom the same video.
I was terrified.
Is that why you switched Seo Joon Hee with another corpse?
I didn't do that.
I only sent him to Sunshine Nursing Home.
And I sent the video to Geum Na Ra too.
Then why did you go to Gyeongchun Hospital on the day...
the corpse went missing?
I was told to go there.
And that person used an untraceable burner phone, right?
Yes.
How interesting.
If what you say is true,
the person planned it all strategically...
to tie you and Seo Joon Hee together.
But why?
I know I wasn't a good person,
but I never did anything to cause a grudge either.
But...
I don't know why they're doing this to me.
Anyway, do you even believe me?
Visit your mother often.
If anything's broken, fix it right away.
Excuse me! Please cook three orders of pork ribs nicely to go.
Okay.
Bring it to your mother.
Why do you keep it so dark?
What is it at this hour?
You wouldn't pick up.
I called Ms. Geum,
and she said you were in the office.
I was in the area anyway, so...
May I come in?
How's your wound?
I'm used to getting hurt.
Regardless,
are you all right, Ms. Choi?
You look like you're a bit under the weather.
What is this regarding?
I came to talk to you about loose ends.
If I delay the talk, I'd be tempted to delay it again.
Get that.
Here you go.
Take your bullets.
- Here. Take your rifle too. - Sorry?
Mr. Heo, I think everyone is here.
The weather is nice today. Let's walk up now.
We're waiting for one more person.
Sorry?
Is it that imported car's driver?
Why is he overly motivated?
It's his first time.
My gosh.
He's not so different from us except that he's rich.
He said that animals' lives are just as valuable,
but did you see his eyes? His eyes are shooting daggers.
Shot.
It's harder to shoot the targets in the field than in the range.
How was your first hunting trip?
You ought to celebrate.
I will treat you big next time.
Are you going to take care of it yourself?
I should show it off.
It's me. Set up a meet with the car dealer.
Tell him...
we'll pay him.
I'm going to visit Mr. Seo and see how Joon Hee is doing.
Okay. Tell me how it goes.
Where are you now?
Me?
I'm driving now.
Right.
I found the person who transferred Seo Joon Hee to the nursing home...
and sent us the video.
Who is it?
That's not what's important.
I'm curious why he was instructed to do so.
The person behind this hid Seo Joon Hee...
and provided a hint for you to come to the nursing home.
What could the culprit's intention be?
I'm not sure.
What is...
the culprit's intention?
What's the matter with you? What's taking you so long?
It's been 20 minutes since I arrived, okay?
I'm withdrawing the money from the bank.
My gosh. I ran into a problem.
Wait a bit longer.
Two million dollars in cash, right?
Can't you hear this?
This is why I'm late.
So shut your mouth, and wait.
Okay, okay. Be careful, and hurry up.
I'm about to freeze to death.
Hey, if we were going to wait here,
we should've pushed back the meeting.
Just wait.
By the way, what kind of air-fresher do you use for your car?
It smells nasty in here. My gosh.
Seriously.
It smells like something is rotting.
Stop talking nonsense, and get some sleep too.
You're unbelievable.
Get your car cleaned. It doesn't even cost much. What is this?
What is this smell?
I don't want Joon Hee...
to be involved in this case anymore.
Please help us, Mr. Seo.
You adored In Ho.
Even if so, how could I love him more than my own son?
Let me ask you a favor.
Leave Joon Hee...
alone.
Dr. Kim Jung Soo!
What are you guys up to?
Well...
- Did you eat? - We just ate.
- What about some tea then? - Would you like some?
I know a good tea shop that's somewhere over there.
I can't remember what I did. Hold on a second.
I think I was at work that day.
Yes, I was.
I had a night shift at work that day.
The call cannot be connected. You'll be connected to the voicemail box.
How dare they fool me?
Fine. All right.
I'll go to the police with the video I have right now.
I can just go to the station. My goodness.
You're done for. How dare they play me like this?
(Abuser)
What's wrong with you?
Well, listen. I got into a car accident on my way.
Jerk. So what happened?
I just got off the taxi. I'm walking there now.
Where are you?
Where do you think? We were supposed to meet at the underpass.
My gosh.
You punk.
So you didn't get hurt, did you?
My dash cam, GPS, and the memory card.
Bring them to me.
Come on.
Do you want to check?
I should trust you.
That's right.
Think about the time we spent together.
You didn't save the file or anything, right?
No way. You know that I'm not that big of a slime ball.
Are you serious right now, jerk?
How dare you talk to me so rudely?
Hey, am I your friend?
Am I?
Hey.
Let me slap you...
for one last time and wrap this up.
I gave you a lot of money too.
This one is worth two million dollars. Okay?
Just... Just one slap then.
Come.
Go easy on me.
You punk.
Shot.
(Return)
- What is this? - Your alibi.
She's so lovable.
I'm seeing your child for the first time.
Hey, hey, hey! Get your act together.
You'll take the fall.
Darn it!
I think it's related to that case.
Please explain.
Are you sure you and Byung Gi spoke on the phone?
You seem convinced that he cannot speak on the phone.
Bum. Our good boy, Bum. What will you do now?